Release-notes-2.14.0 (#354)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/usage/pitr-selective.md

Before you start:
{.power-number}
1. Read [known limitations for selective backups and restores](../features/known-limitations.md#selective-backups-and-restores).
2. Check that you [have made a full backup](backup-selective.md) because it serves as the base for point-in-time recovery. Any selective backup is ignored.

> ## Restore the desired database or a collection to a point in time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restore the specified database or collection to a designated point in time.
```

Before you start:

> {.power-number}

Reviewer: to check if formatting is valid
